chore: rename Asp35 wrapper to AspNet (#1448)
newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-agent: src/Agent/CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes
* Reduce redundant collector request data payload logging in the agent log at DEBUG level. [#1449](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-agent/pull/1449)

> # Other

Reviewer: To keep the heading font the same as new features and fixes
```suggestion
### Other
```

> * Renamed `NewRelic.Providers.Wrapper.Asp35` to `NewRelic.Providers.Wrapper.AspNet` everywhere. Updated installers to remove old `Asp35` artifacts. [#1448](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-agent/pull/1448)

Reviewer: I think it would be good to explain why we're doing this.

```suggestion
* Renamed `NewRelic.Providers.Wrapper.Asp35` to `NewRelic.Providers.Wrapper.AspNet` since this wrapper instruments multiple versions of ASP.NET. Updated installers to remove old `Asp35` artifacts. [#1448](https://github.com/newrelic/newrelic-dotnet-agent/pull/1448)
```
